README.md, before:

# code-name-sidious
A repo for the 2022 WCC hackathon project by team m-3 "The Senate"

ABOUT
=====
	Summer, it's a time for outdoor activity. During the summers, everyone wants to be out and about whether it be, basking in the sun at the beach or feeling the wind gusts at the top of a mountain. People want to go camping, hiking, play sports, and dare to adventure. This is why it can be really frustrating when going out isn't an option, because of the extreme global warming affecting the entire planet right now

	Wouldn't it be nice to avoid all the fuss? Plan a trip somewhere, with the confidence that the weather will be perfect for all your activities. How many more trips would you go on if you could plan better for the weather? If only it was that easy...

	Well, now it can be! Introducing SIDIOUS, an all-in-one weather-based planner for all your outdoor activities! Choose an activity, and SIDIOUS will look a week into the future to find the ideal day for you! It finds many suitable destinations and simultaneously maps out all their forecasts. Then it will suggest the location and day with the best weather. That way you may "BEAT THE HEAT" and stay cool while enjoying all the benefits of summer

	What if the coming week isn't suitable for your activity? Perhaps the weather is too hot or frigid to fully enjoy your activity. SIDIOUS will suggest other activities you may do indoors! It will also SORT THEM BY POWER/ENERGY CONSUMPTION "BEATING THE HEAT" in a different way by saving energy and reducing global warming! 

	SIDIOUS uses the Google Maps and Open Weather APIs to find the locations that pertain to your activities as well as and weather. This ensures that the information is accurate and up-to-date

	SIDIOUS is easy to use, has a beautiful UI, and saves you time! Give SIDIOUS a try now!

TEAM MEMBERS
====
Adeeb Rahman - Front End | Hreem Pandya - Back End | Neil Shrivastava - Back End | Samuel Sosa -  Front End

TECHNOLOGIES USED
====
HTML,CSS, JS - Front End | Flask, Python - Back End | MySQL - Database

Commit message:

Auto replaced all instances of SIDIOUS to NASH Weather

README.md, after:

# NASH Weahter
A repo for the 2022 WCC hackathon project by team m-3 "The Senate"

ABOUT
=====
	Summer, it's a time for outdoor activity. During the summers, everyone wants to be out and about whether it be, basking in the sun at the beach or feeling the wind gusts at the top of a mountain. People want to go camping, hiking, play sports, and dare to adventure. This is why it can be really frustrating when going out isn't an option, because of the extreme global warming affecting the entire planet right now

	Wouldn't it be nice to avoid all the fuss? Plan a trip somewhere, with the confidence that the weather will be perfect for all your activities. How many more trips would you go on if you could plan better for the weather? If only it was that easy...

	Well, now it can be! Introducing NASH Weahter, an all-in-one weather-based planner for all your outdoor activities! Choose an activity, and NASH Weahter will look a week into the future to find the ideal day for you! It finds many suitable destinations and simultaneously maps out all their forecasts. Then it will suggest the location and day with the best weather. That way you may "BEAT THE HEAT" and stay cool while enjoying all the benefits of summer

	What if the coming week isn't suitable for your activity? Perhaps the weather is too hot or frigid to fully enjoy your activity. NASH Weahter will suggest other activities you may do indoors! It will also SORT THEM BY POWER/ENERGY CONSUMPTION "BEATING THE HEAT" in a different way by saving energy and reducing global warming! 

	NASH Weahter uses the Google Maps and Open Weather APIs to find the locations that pertain to your activities as well as and weather. This ensures that the information is accurate and up-to-date

	NASH Weahter is easy to use, has a beautiful UI, and saves you time! Give NASH Weahter a try now!

TEAM MEMBERS
====
Adeeb Rahman - Front End | Hreem Pandya - Back End | Neil Shrivastava - Back End | Samuel Sosa -  Front End

TECHNOLOGIES USED
====
HTML,CSS, JS - Front End | Flask, Python - Back End | MySQL - Database
